In this video you're going to learn how to get $50 dollars of free on credit for Linked In.
Now you can use this odd credit to create sponsored content.
So really increasing the visibility of it or you can use it for emails to contact people.
You're even more connected with where to create some tax stands dynamic ads on programmatic display
that says a lot of ways you can use this credit.
But getting it is very simple.
That's the first step.
All I have to do is come to this page and I'll put the link to this in the resources section in the
video so you can click right through it to type it.
And then just go ahead and click request credits you can autofill with Linked In and then he can go
ahead and just request the credits.
Now one thing to note is that this offer is only valid for noodling in advertisers and there's a limit
of one per customer.
So there's just a caveat there to be aware of.
So when you go ahead and requests your credit they are going to really send it out.
So keeping an eye on your e-mail inbox and your credit should arrive within the next day.
No forget to maybe check that spam folder as they've suggested here.
And they're also going to be some things you can watch to get prepared as some videos in case studies
you can have a look at.
So it's very simple to get $50 free of a credit.
Why wouldn't you do it and just go to the link in the description as Vidia and get those credits for
yourself.
They'll be with you in less than 24 hours.